---
layout: post
title: It's on!
author: simon
---

It's on! We've chosen our first project and already begun to work on it, so at the end of january you will be able to get a glance at our first app, a distributed memory game.

The distributed memory game creates one big playing field by connecting and synchronizing several smartphone displays, allowing you to increase the total amount of cards and players to get even more out of this fun game.

## Game modes:

### Normal mode

The classical memory game as it should be known to everyone. Simply try to collect as much pairs as possible to outrun your opponents!

### Versus mode

We thought it would be cool to have some kind of versus mode, taking the classic memory game to a more 'competitive' level.

<i>One of our ideas was a turn-based approach where each player owns a playing field he is responsible for.
Goal of the game is it to clear your own table as fast as possible, earning points for matched pairs. But there's also the possibility to match pairs on your opponent's playing field, earning you extra points but slowing down your progress on finishing your table.
To avoid one from finishing someone elses table to steal all his points there's the constraint that once a table is cleared you get a penalization for every unmatched pair on your table.

The player that earned the most points wins the game.</i>

Sounds pretty nice, but unfortunately we're already approaching the end of january so we might skip the competitive part for now and concentrate on finishing the classic memory game.

Time will tell...
